c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.exe.config
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.exe
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.pdb
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\LBCParser.dll
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\LBCParser.pdb
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.g.resources
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.exe
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader.pdb
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\SearchResultControl.baml
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\SearchResultControl.g.cs
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\LeBonCoinReader_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\PostPresenter.baml
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\PostPresenter.g.cs
c:\Users\Florian\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Florian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\ImagePresenter.baml
C:\Users\Florian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LeBonCoinReader\LeBonCoinReader\obj\Debug\ImagePresenter.g.cs
